fix: Add common IaC testing (#46)
defenseunicorns/uds-common-workflows: documents/terraform/terraform-test.md

# Terraform-Test

The UDS Commown Workflow for Terraform has agreed to use [Terratest](https://terratest.gruntwork.io/). This testing framework does require the use of and limited knowledge of the [Go programming language](https://go.dev/). The experience needed is not extensive as there should be plenty of examples using Terratest in the Defense Unicorns Terraform repositories. 

For this GitHub Workflow to be utilized properly, a common structure and pattern has been implemented for ensuring this workflow can be reuseable for all related repositories.  Testing is a mandatory feature of all UDS packages and these shared workflows are supplied to ease the use of future development that meets the defined standards of a UDS package.

*Overal Objective:* Provide testing at the repository level. Testing should include a base case and additional tests will be added as needed for common behaviors relied upon downstream from the repository when deemed necessary upon request and review by the team. 

## Workflow Arguments 

> * test_retry:

Reviewer: can we get this in a code block as opposed to bullet points?

Author: Example now has a cross reference immediately below the variable, I believe this resolves this issue.

# Terraform-Test

The UDS Commown Workflow for Terraform has agreed to use [Terratest](https://terratest.gruntwork.io/). This testing framework does require the use of and limited knowledge of the [Go programming language](https://go.dev/). The experience needed is not extensive as there should be plenty of examples using Terratest in the Defense Unicorns Terraform repositories. 

> For this GitHub Workflow to be utilized properly, a common structure and pattern has been implemented for ensuring this workflow can be reuseable for all related repositories.  Testing is a mandatory feature of all UDS packages and these shared workflows are supplied to ease the use of future development that meets the defined standards of a UDS package.

Author: I agree that describing the value of testing is probably a better path. I think this might be an excellent time to engage musings of @bdfinst.

> For this GitHub Workflow to be utilized properly, a common structure and pattern has been implemented for ensuring this workflow can be reuseable for all related repositories.  Testing is a mandatory feature of all UDS packages and these shared workflows are supplied to ease the use of future development that meets the defined standards of a UDS package.

Author: @bdfinst has reworded. Feel free to look again @lucasrod16 .

Additional [AWS Tips blog post](https://awstip.com/using-github-actions-oidc-to-run-terraform-in-aws-31ba395518cb) explaining the steps above in-depth and AWS initialization steps.

## Workflow Permissions

Through experimentation, the following permissions block is required to use the repository secret and the `configure-aws-credentials` action.

```yaml
permissions:
  id-token: write
  contents: read
```

If the secret has been properly set, repository added to the trust relationship of the role in the account, and still fails, the permissions of the workflow is often overlooked (see [example](#example-test)).

## Repository Structure

The layout required for testing uniformly are specified as followed:

* All Go source files must be in a `test/` folder.
* All Go source code must use the `test_test` module name.
  * Reason: `test` namespace is reserved and a warning will be shown.
* The `go.mod` must reside in the root of the directory.
  * Necessary as the command `go test -count <count> -v ./...` will be used.
  * The `go.mod` file must be initialized with `go mod init test_test` while in the repositry root directory.

> * An `examples/` folder must be created to house the testing terraform of the module.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to specify `examples/complete/` directory here? It is one of the directories we are running our linting/scanning against, so I think we are assuming an `examples/complete` directory exists in all IaC repos

```suggestion
* An `examples/complete` folder must be created to house the example terraform module to be used for testing.
```

Author: I actually do want to reference the `examples/complete` directory.

Why? 
* I believe all testing of an IaC repo should stand on its own. 
* Other environments or special cases maybe needed and it would nice if the examples folder was structured in a way to enable future testing from the start would be ideal. 
* This pattern is already being used by every IaC repo already, why not stick with it?

Reviewer 3: My only concern here is historically "complete" meant full deploy everything into aws, which is inefficient to test a standalone component. Isn't examples/complete only getting scanned because it's there already? I don't have an issue with examples/complete existing but I don't think we should be prescribing it exists, but rather that tests under tests/ and examples/ can run and pass tests and scans irrespective of the name. I'm not saying we add this specific case, but just as an example:

the s3 bucket module _**could**_ have an example (and corresponding test) that was like `example/loki` and/or `example/state_bucket` that the scan and test would iterate over based on their existence. This way we can test multiple, potentially disparate, pieces of functionality automatically. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: We could use a glob pattern to match any nested directories under `examples/**`. See [this comment](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-common-workflows/pull/46#discussion_r1237306495)
